{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # SmithFit Email Templates \'97 All Created and Live in GHL\
\
All templates are saved in Marketing > Email Templates in GHL.\
Subject lines, preview text, and full HTML body are set.\
Use \{\{contact.first_name\}\} for personalization.\
\
## Membership Day 1 Onboarding Sequence\
Trigger: membership-active tag added\
\
| Template Name | Day | Subject Line |\
|---|---|---|\
| MEM-01: Welcome to SmithFit \'97 Day 0 | 0 | Welcome to SmithFit \'97 here's exactly what to do right now |\
| MEM-02: Did You Do the Cocktail \'97 Day 2 | 2 | Did you do the cocktail this morning? |\
| MEM-03: One Week In \'97 Day 7 | 7 | One week in \'97 honest check-in |\
| MEM-04: Two Weeks \'97 Day 14 | 14 | Two weeks. Here's what's happening in your body right now. |\
| MEM-05: One Month In \'97 Day 30 | 30 | One month in. This is where most people quit. Not you. |\
| MEM-06: Day 45 \'97 The Upgrade Email | 45 | The women getting the fastest results have one thing in common |\
\
## Bundle Onboarding Sequence\
Trigger: bundle-active tag added\
\
| Template Name | Day | Subject Line |\
|---|---|---|\
| BNDL-01: Welcome Bundle \'97 Day 0 | 0 | Welcome to SmithFit \'97 you just upgraded everything |\
| BNDL-02: Your Gameplan \'97 Day After Call | 1 | Your SmithFit Gameplan is here [First Name] |\
| BNDL-03: One Week In \'97 Day 7 | 7 | One week in \'97 how are you actually feeling? |\
| BNDL-04: VIP Month Ending \'97 Day 28 | 28 | Your VIP month is ending \'97 and this is what I want you to know |\
\
## FOMO Track A \'97 Monthly Members \uc0\u8594  Bundle\
Trigger: fomo-track-a-active tag added\
Filter: Must NOT have bundle-active\
\
| Template Name | Day | Subject Line |\
|---|---|---|\
| FOMO-A1 | 30 | One month in. I have to be honest with you. |\
| FOMO-A2 | 45 | She lost 31 lbs. Here's what she had that you don't yet. |\
| FOMO-A3 | 60 | The math on staying month-to-month (it's not good) |\
| FOMO-A4 | 75 | Last call \'97 the upgrade window closes at your billing renewal |\
\
## FOMO Track B \'97 6-Month Bundle \uc0\u8594  12-Month\
Trigger: 6-month-bundle tag added\
Filter: Must NOT have 12-month-bundle\
\
| Template Name | Day | Subject Line |\
|---|---|---|\
| FOMO-B1 | 45 | You're 45 days in. Here's what I'm seeing in your data. |\
| FOMO-B2 | 75 | What it's actually like to have a coach in your pocket |\
| FOMO-B3 | 100 | Month 3 is coming. Here's what happens without a checkpoint. |\
| FOMO-B4 | 140 | Your 6-month commitment ends in about 3 weeks. Here's what's next. |\
\
## FOMO Track C \'97 Free Trial \uc0\u8594  Paid\
Trigger: free-trial-active tag added\
\
| Template Name | Day | Subject Line |\
|---|---|---|\
| FOMO-C1 | 0 | Your 14-day free trial starts right now |\
| FOMO-C2 | 3 | Day 3 check-in |\
| FOMO-C3 | 7 | Halfway. Here's your honest progress report. |\
| FOMO-C4 | 10 | Keep everything you've built for $2.25/day |\
| FOMO-C5 | 12 | She almost cancelled on Day 11. Here's what happened on Day 14. |\
| FOMO-C6 | 14 | Your trial ends today \'97 keep your access or lose it all |\
| FOMO-C7 | 15 | You left. The door is still open. (only if no conversion) |}