{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # SmithFit Workflows \'97 Need to Be Built in GHL\
\
These workflows need to be created manually in:\
Automation > Workflows > Create Workflow\
\
All email templates already exist \'97 just select them by name.\
All tags already exist \'97 just type the name.\
\
---\
\
## WORKFLOW 1: Membership Day 1 Onboarding\
Folder: 2. Fulfilment Automations\
Status: NEEDS TO BE BUILT\
\
Trigger: Tag Added \uc0\u8594  membership-active\
\
Steps:\
1. Send Email: MEM-01 (immediate)\
2. Wait: 2 days\
3. Send Email: MEM-02\
4. Wait: 5 days\
5. Send Email: MEM-03\
6. Wait: 7 days\
7. Send Email: MEM-04\
8. Wait: 16 days\
9. Send Email: MEM-05\
10. Wait: 15 days\
11. Send Email: MEM-06\
12. Add Tag: fomo-track-a-active\
\
---\
\
## WORKFLOW 2: Bundle Onboarding\
Folder: 2. Fulfilment Automations\
Status: NEEDS TO BE BUILT\
\
Trigger: Tag Added \uc0\u8594  bundle-active\
\
Steps:\
1. Send Email: BNDL-01 (immediate)\
2. Add Tag: new-bundle\
3. Wait: 1 day\
4. Send Email: BNDL-02\
5. Wait: 6 days\
6. Send Email: BNDL-03\
7. Wait: 21 days\
8. Send Email: BNDL-04\
9. Add Tag: coach-review\
\
---\
\
## WORKFLOW 3: FOMO Track A (Monthly \uc0\u8594  Bundle)\
Folder: 3. Tracking Engagement\
Status: NEEDS TO BE BUILT\
\
Trigger: Tag Added \uc0\u8594  fomo-track-a-active\
Filter: Contact must NOT have tag: bundle-active\
\
Steps:\
1. Send Email: FOMO-A1 (immediate)\
2. Wait: 15 days\
3. Send Email: FOMO-A2\
4. Wait: 15 days\
5. Send Email: FOMO-A3\
6. Wait: 15 days\
7. Send Email: FOMO-A4\
8. Remove Tag: fomo-track-a-active\
9. Add Tag: fomo-track-a-complete\
\
---\
\
## WORKFLOW 4: FOMO Track B (6-Month \uc0\u8594  12-Month)\
Folder: 3. Tracking Engagement\
Status: NEEDS TO BE BUILT\
\
Trigger: Tag Added \uc0\u8594  6-month-bundle\
Filter: Contact must NOT have tag: 12-month-bundle\
\
Steps:\
1. Wait: 45 days\
2. Send Email: FOMO-B1\
3. Wait: 30 days\
4. Send Email: FOMO-B2\
5. Wait: 25 days\
6. Send Email: FOMO-B3\
7. Wait: 40 days\
8. Send Email: FOMO-B4\
9. Remove Tag: fomo-track-b-active\
10. Add Tag: fomo-track-b-complete\
\
---\
\
## WORKFLOW 5: FOMO Track C (Free Trial \uc0\u8594  Paid)\
Folder: 3. Tracking Engagement\
Status: NEEDS TO BE BUILT\
\
Trigger: Tag Added \uc0\u8594  free-trial-active\
\
Steps:\
1. Send Email: FOMO-C1 (immediate)\
2. Wait: 3 days\
3. Send Email: FOMO-C2\
4. Wait: 4 days\
5. Send Email: FOMO-C3\
6. Wait: 3 days\
7. Send Email: FOMO-C4\
8. Wait: 2 days\
9. Send Email: FOMO-C5\
10. Wait: 1 day\
11. Send Email: FOMO-C6\
12. Wait: 1 day\
13. IF/ELSE: Has tag trial-converted?\
    \uc0\u8594  YES: End workflow\
    \uc0\u8594  NO: Send Email FOMO-C7 \u8594  Remove Tag free-trial-active \u8594  Add Tag trial-cancelled}